hey everybody welcome back this is Sarah
and today I'm gonna be showing you some
My Little Pony surprise eggs I found
this box off of ebay and I do believe
this was a set that came from Mexico I
thought this was super cool because it
included the Cutie Mark Crusaders oh I
hope I can't at least one of them I
might also have to save this box since
it has a really adorable picture of
Fluttershy on the front hello
oh wait I have a bunch of hairy face to
me get that out of the way very back
oops
Oh with that a lot bitter hello everyone
I'm here to present the joke of the day
joke of the day
here it is what two things can you not
have for breakfast I'll let you know the
end of the video so please come back and
see me inside the box are six different
chocolate covered surprise eggs
I am super curious to find out what kind
of quality these Pony toys are like
sometimes the ponies don't look very
good so here's the foil looks like it
has Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash super
cute the chocolate sure smells good
so here is the little pink capsule light
pink
and inside
oh it's Pinkie Pie Oh where's her tail
oh the tail is still inside okay so I
guess I need to attach the tail to
Pinkie Pie hey pretty cute she's painted
really well her face doesn't look too
derped and overall have to say I'm
pretty happy with the way this figure
looks she's really tiny here's a size
comparison for you guys she's about half
the size of a blind bag pony well I have
to try the chocolate to see if it's any
good oh no is not good here's the paper
inside the egg hmm I'm glad to see them
they look a lot better in real life than
in the picture well let's get to egg
number two
inside this one is come on out
it's Sweetie Belle let's see you gotta
attach her tail hey she's pretty cute
she her colors are correct her eyes are
a little bit different there's one
that's looking up on the right side and
one that's looking the opposite
direction on the other side that's kind
of strange but overall I have to say she
is really cute egg number three in this
capsule we have oh good it's Gouda loo
Scootaloo came in all one piece and you
didn't have to attach the tail oh I love
Scootaloo's face she looks so precious
she looks a lot sweeter than the other
two that I have oh this one may be my
favorite so far
really cute figure egg number four no
duplicates so far in this one I received
oh no it's another Sweetie Belle
well comparing this one to the very
first one I received they look about the
same quality just two eggs left
and hopefully a different pony this time
oh good it's a rainbow - I have to
attach her tail - Wow
Rainbow Dash looks amazing she's painted
really well she looks a super colorful
her cutie mark is a bit low but it looks
like it's painted really well I'm really
happy with her oh so sad
it's our last egg and in this one oh no
it's another Sweetie Belle here she is
again at least the quality is consistent
hello darlings this is the answer to
talk of the day the question was what
two things can you not have for
breakfast
the answer is lunch and dinner brilliant
that was the joke of the day Hey well
overall very happy with these my little
pony characters the chocolate wasn't
very good but then again I'm not really
buying these eggs for the chocolate I
think Scootaloo is my fave
out of the bunch let me know your
favorite pony in the comments box down
below thanks guys so much for watching
and we'll see you in the next video